Welcome.
This is where your journey begins.
Take a selfie and save it with the title.
My last day without knowing anything about Python.
Because learning is a one way trip.
My name is Phil Ebner, and I will be your partner in this adventure.
I am convinced that without fun, there is no learning.
So we are going to face this journey as friends who have a great time working together.
Before we start, we are going to ask you to take a few minutes so we can show you how your path is
going to be during the next few days.
Today, on day one, you're going to learn some of the Python philosophy.
You're going to install all the software needed for the rest of the course, and you're going to learn
your first commands, the basic ones, which are enough for you to be able to write your very first
program.
At the end of this day, from tomorrow until day six, you will go through the basic training phase.
These days are going to play a key role in your development because you are going to learn the basics
of Python, which is what every programmer should know.
Everything you learn in the future will be based on what you learn during your first few days.
On day seven, you are going to enter the advanced phase.
You're going to understand the philosophy of object oriented programming, which spearheads all modern
programming and allows us to have all the Python resources to create agile, robust, economical and
repeatable and easy to maintain programs.
At the end of day ten of this intensive training, you will be ready to be a python programmer because
you will know everything and up to date programmer knows and you will have accumulated many hours of
real world practice.
You will only lack experience that comes with time.
From day 11 onwards, the expert phase will start.
When you get there, you will already be a python programmer and it will be the time to get to know
its main applications in the real world.
Each day you will delve into areas of development such as machine learning, social network integration,
blockchain and much, much more.
I remind you that this course is strongly based on real world practice.
Each day you will complete it by creating a full program from scratch, and all lessons will be accompanied
by three practical code exercises and a downloadable document with a summary of the topic.
As a result, you can store all this in writing and have everything you have learned nearby in order
to build your own Python manual.
On top of that, each video includes a theoretical introduction and a practical demonstration.
Additionally, at the end of each day, you will have a quiz to review and reinforce everything you've
learned.
It's a time to reflect, summarize and celebrate some of your achievements each day.
We are so ready.
All this amazing content is waiting for you to start on the next lecture.
Are you ready?
Then hit that play button to go to the next lecture.
Right now.